olay that you spend kids here communicates
another day more and good here we are here
in others for coppel and boss another
opening on how good I am
recording after the first one that
I brought you that as you can see here I continue with the
yet very same coins with
same
fifa point of this with the same
defeats victories and all the garbage is
and nothing is worth we go to ours that goes to
to be opening envelopes as always I'm still
looking for something good I think I avoid now
same the price of hamsik and I think not
it's worth nothing I think I've been put out there
three thousand coins like that so I think fatal
which is to mark base álava that I'm going to take
to four thousand coins I think or less or more
or whatever but good
just like I opened the envelope of 50m those
point of 15,000 silver coins
meter with brilliant boss
güevos and who reaches up to 15 thousand
coins in that but let's see we're going to
try to open another 34 envelopes that is
well a good figure 444 over so that
I have another episode or another and nothing
We are going to it like always, I do not
I'm going to look
I'm re walking it can not be that something
good or something bad I do not know
I wanted this really this seems to me
awesome to look at and tell you that
I think this is not worth anything uncle
is worth nothing this and look gives me an egg of
consumables of that contract
this healing is serious
seriously
I do not explain it to me male, he applied it
to walk yes no
how disgusting uncle really do not get in
serious about the healing thing
everything keeps you in great order
selection to nobody I do not understand it for me
that here they only give good players if you
you spend your coins
thing that I 'm not going to do I do not adapt
my currency that I have been told that
it costs more seriously second about we're going
thereto
kitty
messi or rafinha this type of 600 coins
mc give me z not worth a fuck fuck male
you could mc yield cago in the milk
rafinha that is not worth anything loves this I think
that has four stars does not exist
neither
he has not touched anything
well maybe we want to do it
heroic and they give me and I'm losing so much
because then I have a god who is worth
a duck egg would be fine
well nothing of the thing because good is a
money that has been spent
that I really do not suppose I'm not going to
bring more for yourself
if I bring the one they give me the
about what they give me good, I see
but I do not even get more money because this
I've done it once and you're so will
you buy 25 to 20 real money
let's say in a game that is only once
to stop
Carlos Martin
bad leg 4
4 is not worth two thousand coins that both
as well
register
let's change it just in case
I say how much is worth
I have worked with the training also
I take out something more than discarding it.
he
yes
consumables and contracts and all this
shit let's go to my team let's go I do not know
will save makes lifetime contracts
blue
and good we continue with the equipments of
the russian league
my mother course such
I think the third or fourth is already
let's open the last
and we aspire
well I also guess that I do not know if
you're going to like it or I do not suppose that if
problems people like you see
this and maynor that touches me if you touch me
something I say that I'm going to draw between
someone who touches me in half or what
you see it when it comes to you and again
I do not touch anything
Look, I got two silver guys
12 silver
how intimate awesome
Siles if it comes to me
but
is that I would advise that you do not spend
assigned neither money nor game money
this nor the coin seriously be
this is losing money seriously
I dont know
my mother
well nothing
but I 'll see how much that is
above
the moment to open the calculator
1700 in 350
11 on
we make a round figure we open another
more and we already have two more
episodes with five about each one myself
I think that's fine because nothing
11.33 gives me the division
I'm the uncle of that uncle the old man that
director took me something
let's say he took out two thousand coins
finish
nothing because today I will not open more on
why not
I will not do it as I do not see it normal
let's let the time pass is yes
if my luck better passes me the time
tomorrow I open others the chapters
following but nothing is worth this has
been here and good to see you in the
next told me let's hope it's not a
agreement for good because I'm going to bore of
the papers but good staying chapter
still nothing see us kids until the
next goodbye
ah